TELCODOCS-1731 - Update low latency tuning docs (#71797)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cnf-configuring-hyperthreading-for-a-cluster.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====
Hyper-Threading is enabled by default on most Intel processors. If you enable Hyper-Threading, all threads processed by a particular core must be isolated or processed on the same core.

When Hyper-Threading is enabled, all guaranteed pods must use multiples of the simultaneous multi-threading (SMT) level to avoid a "noisy neighbor" situation that can cause the pod to fail.
See link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/cpu-management-policies/#static-policy-options[Static policy options] for more information.
====

[id="disabling_hyperthreading_for_low_latency_applications_{context}"]
== Disabling Hyper-Threading for low latency applications

> When configuring clusters for low latency processing, consider whether you want to disable Hyper-Threading before you deploy the cluster. To disable Hyper-Threading, do the following:

Reviewer: Per ISG: Use complete sentences, not phrases, to introduce lists.
```suggestion
When configuring clusters for low latency processing, consider whether you want to disable Hyper-Threading before you deploy the cluster. To disable Hyper-Threading, perform the following steps:
```
